docs: Remove reference to "Crawl URL" (#2827)
webrecorder/browsertrix: frontend/docs/docs/user-guide/workflow-setup.md

When enabled, the crawler will visit all the links it finds within each URL defined in the [URL input field](#crawl-start-url-urls-to-crawl) under _Crawl Scope_.

??? example "Crawling tags & search queries with Page List crawls"

>     This setting can be useful for crawling the content of specific tags or search queries. Specify the tag or search query URL(s) in the URL to crawl, e.g: `https://example.com/search?q=tag`, and enable _Include Any Linked Page_ to crawl all the content present on that search query page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This setting can be useful for crawling a list of specific pages, such as a list of search queries. For example, you can create a list of multiple URLs such as: `https://example.com/search?q=search_this`, `https://example.com/search?q=also_search_this`, etc... to the _URLs to Crawl_ text box and enable _Include Any Linked Page_ to crawl all the content present on these search query pages.
```

Reviewer: I think this can be made a bit more clear, since doing a pass on this.

>     This setting can be useful for crawling a list of specific pages, such as a list of search queries. For example, you can create a list of multiple URLs such as: `https://example.com/search?q=search_this`, `https://example.com/search?q=also_search_this`, etc... to the _URLs to Crawl_ text box and enable _Include Any Linked Page_ to crawl all the content present on these search query pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This setting can be useful for crawling a list of specific pages and pages they link to, such as a list of search queries. For example, you can add a list of multiple URLs such as: `https://example.com/search?q=search_this`, `https://example.com/search?q=also_search_this`, etc... to the _URLs to Crawl_ text box and enable _Include Any Linked Page_ to crawl all the content present on these search query pages.
```
